feat(linux): add `--remote-debug` flag to `run-tests.sh` script  🕷️ (#13233)
keymanapp/keyman: linux/ibus-keyman/tests/README.md

```bash
scripts/run-tests.sh -- k_000___null_keyboard k_005___nul_with_initial_context
```

## Debugging tests

> This is easiest done by running the tests in a VM and then remote debugging

Reviewer: I had to Google some grammar 
```suggestion
This is most easily done by running the tests in a VM and then remote debugging
```
